everyone welcome this is the IPF s all
hands woohoo this will be the first of
the video calls today we had dignified
choir leading in and larger taking notes
thank you for checking in there should
be a stream if you're streaming that's
awesome we have an ether pad check out
the etherpad um that's going to be where
stuff is written down I put the link in
IRC the past month or so we've had a bit
of a new format for these calls where we
sort of try to keep by chatting and
talking about things that length out of
here and sort of just use this as a very
quick way of saying what can we move
discussion to like you know which we
highlight and so on you've got just a
bit pretty quick so with no further ado
no more gilding the lily I'll pass it on
to dignified choir will share this one
one first think we hit the Hangout limit
and Jeremy isn't in the Hangout so I
know not cool yeah is it so that means
this account doesn't get the bonus of
the apps account does anybody have
another apps account they can use to
host so we cannot go up to 15 or should
we just switch to the toilet for a
different call I think we probably
should keep rolling for this one because
it'll take us at least 15 minutes to get
that working right so Jeremy stream and
if you have any comments write them in
the IRC yes sorry Jeremy alright so
welcome thank you Richard for the
introduction sorry for the technical
problems that we had in the beginning
with this all right the agenda is pretty
short currently so if you have something
to put in there put it on there quickly
so we're gonna start with the roll call
I'm not going to try to make this
alphabetically because that's
take some time until I figure that out
so I'm going to go from my screen from
left to right so that's very biased I
know I'm sorry alright so let's start
with David right hi everyone and read
work for for collapse being hacking
mostly on just a DFS and we could appear
thank you next Emily hi I am Emily with
predicate labs I project manage I PFS
thank you next up some away oh my it's
only work for protocol apps and on I PFS
and apps on I PFS mainly orbit thank you
next stop Richard hello I'm Richard I
work on I PFS mostly riding I'll
do a lot of stuff just generically
around from the collapse thank you and
next up Kwan hey on working for claps
and lots of any listening thank you ah
next kübra I i I'm fubar I work for
protocol app mainly on Kauai DFS and
things connected to performance on it
Thank You Lars that's me hey I'm lost
working with protocol lepas mostly on
the infrastructure side of things doing
things all over the place and a bit and
go I PFS and called a p2p as well that's
me Thank You ours next match i'm at the
protocol labs I'm the program manager
which mainly means and one is
responsible for the organizational
roadmap tying everything together you uh
Victor yeah so on Victor I do not work
at protocol apps I contribute to trying
to contribute to JSI PFS and apps all
around I PFS thank you yeah last myself
all right wait Jeremy and Jeremy is also
usually with us he got shut out due to
technical limits he is cool and he works
also protocol labs and he works mainly
on go a PFS yeah and me yeah I'm 30 and
I were also a protocol apps and I do
lots of javascript javascript things
currently all right
I should mute myself sorry so next up we
have additional agenda items does
anybody have anything they want to bring
up that is not on the agenda neither bed
currently all right all right a short
one oh yeah I got one thing I'm gonna
head it girls all right then we have the
first agenda item is that is not regular
is milestones and waffle boards for I
PFS p.m. and including access community
that was brought up by match alright so
the this is a little bit of eating our
own dog food and a little just an
announcement so there's been this
ongoing conversation about project
management there's that document with
the pull request and all of that Emily
and I are are spearheading that and
we'll be working with Jeremy on testing
it out with the the model that we have
hammered out using go I PFS as our
starting point on but it occurred to me
that i should also create milestones and
a roadmap for all of these tickets
related to this effort so if you want to
follow that effort i'm now creating
milestones for it and i will be creating
a waffle board for it which gives us
another place to be testing that process
as a whole and i thought it was going to
have done more with it by now but I I
dumped a cup of tea on my laptop and
it's been asleep all weekend in a box of
rice so so it is what it is right now
and I'll be filling in those milestones
today for tomorrow cool thank you I
assume that you're talking from your
laptop now again so it's back in it as
far as I can tell it is completely
unscathed keyboard is working praise the
rice yeah Chris through it
alright cool so this is just an
announcement no additional calls or
anything needed for today here no Emily
and I and Jeremy will be following up on
this so that's this just an FYI all
right next up oh I've us 0 for 3 review
and changes large you put that on there
I think yep that was me one went through
all the changes for 0 for 3 yesterday
and over the weekend then put together
this massive list of awesome things to
go through and I think we should figure
out this week what which of these is
blocking for for the release and yeah
that's it basically what i wanted to say
because as soon as we know what's
blocking for the release we know what to
do about it um because right now it's
just a list I greatness but this quan
yes so the first part is the list is
broken down into sections in the first
part is what I think needs to be in the
release before you get shipped um it's a
number of things that are like more
critical and so like the first part is
like what we think what I think should
be there um we just ill discuss it
though and it's made something to bring
out the guard house called on today so
maybe let's make sure to smile n okay
cool um yeah
that was a very small point oh yeah
right it says pretty clearly must happen
before 0 for 3 videos yeah but it might
be too much it might be a lot and then
do you know that over 3 wants to get out
so some of those may not really he
require all right cool so this is going
to continue in the guy PFS hang out
later alright and the new agenda item
appeared Richard I'm guessing this is
from you newsletter that was for me
thank you um I've written a basic
newsletter which looks at the OIG fists
and jsf events in orbit stuff I've
assigned a lot of the project leads to
review it so if you already have thank
you hard Thank You Lars super awesome
thank you why um I would like this to go
out within the next day or two so if you
have any spare time jump on look at the
newsletter I will be updating the
community bit and going through Twitter
for news feeds that are really cool do
you have any cool new stuff that's
happened since teen week this letter is
supposed to cover everything that's
happened since like the workshop that we
had um with the community in Lisbon so
if anything cool happen that you don't
see the newsletter you think it should
be there please ping me I would really
like to see a community effort and thank
you all so much for getting back to me
helping out with drafting it last week
super awesome but uh yeah just take a
look at it and that's that's pretty much
it i think cool is there a plan on the
like release schedule for the newsletter
for the new newsletter or is that more
love let me not happen today so no i
mean in general like after the first one
that you're leasing now is there like do
you have a plan schedule for this like
every week every two weeks every mile
every year every every month on my goal
for this this quarters get one every
month um I don't think that's an
unreasonable goal in that way I don't
waste too much time on it neither that's
a wasteful I don't dedicate weeks you
know that I week to building it
tyrita Bulaga so hopefully once about
cool yeah all right so everybody take
some time you Richards newsletter the
link is hopefully in the notes large
please put the link in the nuts yup yup
yup thank you all right more items
appeared on the agenda all right
identity providers a bit more one HUD
does this from you yeah I think I added
it so I'm proposing some time um to
potentially if you like a short call
today it's possible if not another time
to just discuss identity providers in
order so soundly isn't making the the a
link between orbit and Newport to give
you some notion of identity I'm being to
have profiles and so on I so that's
really cool and it's also a modular to
be able to accept other identity
providers like you could just have a key
and then the profile data will be stored
elsewhere and all kinds of so there's a
an interesting intersection of potential
internet providers one being you could
have a chat system where your identity
provider is so how I gotta keep air from
a government is it specifically thinking
of Estonia where it gets you like hope
you know that you have this card and you
have like some way of actually signing
statements with that card so wanted to
see what that would look like and
because there's another cabinet Sonya
very soon and so it might be like an
interesting thing to hack their yeah
just a note the Germany also has a
passport which is able to electronically
sign documents I know know how easy it
is to integrate or what I is exactly are
exposed but I know that it's possible to
do electronic signing with the German
education system as well I would not
encourage anyone to sign their keys on
orbit with their path for you
just saying and the German system is
pretty weak technically but yeah one
let's have a call whenever we have time
for it today um I think even after this
we could do a quick 10 minute talk and
see what the options are quicker I'm not
sure about the government password but
like I believe it's the same system as
the rest of the Union and actually it is
pretty like reliable and said I've used
it in the past but like you can like
everything that gets sign get sign
inside the passport or inside the card
and you have to have your own pain to
like be able to ask the car to sign
something and like the private key
notifies you there is no registry there
like so you have the cards with the
private keys and then you have to have
some external registry to say that the
certain signature actually blow up slow
person because that are there but can't
develop is it is really so if we go any
force on the whole point okay have the
forgot about that just give you a key
that you want to be on and the day it's
really earth exactly you know but you
have a key dislike it's very hard to
steal because like if someone even tries
to open the car to steal the key by like
copying the the way that the electrons
are not screening inside it also
destroys itself because it oxidizes as
soon as you try to open the card and
like to basically to unlock the key you
have to have another pin but there's
like a lot of protections it's the kind
i like the pkcs7 is a standard that
governs all of it smart card stuff it's
people like and it works and there's
like libraries for all those on ok not
from the browser then you would have to
have a like a native plan to do that
just a touch sorry oh alright so David
you're probably gonna be in this call as
well I guess alright so we schedule this
for 15 minutes author we finish here so
probably in 25 minutes starting to be
short so we have enough room for you
finish to finish up here so that's a
yeah 25 minutes figure out your own
times all right thank you next up we
have community announcement code for
philly I since we since we had so few
items I figured I call out that I am
working on a course on distributed
systems that i'll be teaching here in
philly as part of this mentorship thing
where what we're going to do like the
final section of the course we will try
to create a I PFS adapter for noms
written and go and so we're going to
cover everything you need walking the
door of like I just know how to write
code everything you need to know in
order to write write that and understand
what's going on all the system stuff all
the distributed system stuff all the
Merkel tag stuff and we will be trying
to as much as possible create all of
those learning materials as stuff that
you can use for online learning on your
own so if there are people watching this
video or who find it in the future who
are interested in learning about all
this material watch for that course and
i'm making a ticket right now to make
sure that our online learning materials
connect to that course and its materials
very cool all right thank you everyone
there are no items appeared anymore so
last chance read anything into the
agenda if you want to talk about
something specifically now otherwise
we're gonna go into the hangouts I
believe the first one as I said it's
going to start in now roughly 20 minutes
about orbit at any providers and the
next one after that will be JSI PFS
starting at 1930 c est 1730 UTC um so in
roughly an hour I added me to change
because they've been having calls the
past few weeks but I don't see I could
hear anyone should i remove that we can
see you when we get there with her ok if
you also how do you post it on the
ticket that that time doesn't work for
them oh so so so much sure it's too late
for them um he asked if it can be done
earlier I don't know if that's still
possible to do I don't know who needs to
be in this call I I Jeremy and I were
probably to be now so let's just stick
Lissa's figure out the schedule maybe
like rat for now I'm like rearranging
that or we will have figured out now
right I think we have a plan yeah a
flight later so he can't be pushed later
anyway so maybe we could go I'd BFS and
media chain in an hour at one-thirty so
130 would be media chain two o'clock
would be a go I PFS to 30 GS ffs three
o'clock would be to be Theory has a
fight so I don't go I here asking me
push that late so let's double check
with him is there is there an overlap
between the people who need to attend je
sai PFS and the media shank hall
we also don't have anyone from the media
chain people here and they wanted
specifically to eat earlier to include
the member from the teammates at
increase though we definitely need to
give them like some more nerdy to invent
like saying hey I got to have the
meeting in 30 minutes that that's not
going to work my studio I profess call
and then it just a few best Natalie
peer-to-peer so that Jeremy can
participate and then schedule it out
with media chain another day this week
maybe wednesday it's like tomorrow it
does a complicated we like to fight
attention ok so so they understand
correctly the current version of the the
current version is not crank anymore we
changing the order of the calls likes
the will I PFS first so that Jeremy can
catch it right ok so that means the
first call will be go i PF s than JSI
PFS then the p2p and no me your chain
call for today that's right in orbit is
happening in five minutes ok right yeah
yeah Matt two things thank you for
Richard for setting up this ticket in
advance let's try to settle this
scheduled for Monday in advance rather
than rearranging it on Monday morning
it's really hard for people to follow
along it work constantly moving our
meetings and make sure to pick a note
taker in a moderator for next week yes
Tom right one other note on times we
need to adjust the calendar um it's
fixed now yes cool I think it looks
fixed orbit need a navy to throw up a
public string like this like hang out
ever do that odd um one point now I
think I think we'll be fine with that
one on one civil rights between but i
think it was it will just be like a
quick discussion ok so alter awfully
public one at in an hour for go idea
this and I'll rearrange me alright cool
um my hangout is frozen so if I react
don't react to anything you do or like
happens feels like sorry um we need a if
that's all we need a note taker and the
mall ready for the next time I was
volunteering I can moderate I can take
notes Myers thanks for taking us this
week yeah thanks hmm cool thank you ah
that leaves us at 27 minutes that's
probably a new record so thank you
everyone for keeping this short and
sweet and i will see you next time
because my computer is about to crash I
think it's turned black most of the
screen so Hank it's just chrome so cool
dramas are like hangouts pour some tea
over it it might help yeah so one last
note reach your opening issue on the PM
repo about like Google Hangouts phasing
out to the on their option and they are
basically creating YouTube live and
that's going to be like the service that
lets you stream stuff I believe what
like basically they are going to another
another set up where I can other step
where we have to grab a YouTube
life key and net when hang out dinner to
live stream it the recruit pretty cool
if you could like test it this week also
make sure that we can I test the egg out
with a google apps and count because we
might be able to start the Google Apps
account we hang out with the Google Apps
account so increasing the limited to 15
people and then like attaching that
google hangout to a YouTube live stream
using their new servers this way will
thereby 15 people on and hang out and
watch streaming in the same way that we
have been doing so far which yeah fun
yeah I was contested this week um
awesome okay is there is there a ticket
for that I have some suggestions all
right it is not I can catch p.m. okay
sure and David yes if you want to put
that stuff in there a signal slightly
difficult don't have to because it's
over here
meeting adjourned meeting adjourned hi
thank you everyone thanks everyone